you
but tonight I mich Mich Andy Andy Wendy
captured ruined at best time last
quarter of the full moon
and the last arrow the running tide yeah
first here the run back of the tide mate
yeah and generally about a one point
seven meter tied this looks good
yeah slacks good night yet yeah so
when's the window of opportunity like
two hours each sort or an Aries toy
before hour after made of the high tide
and then you go home and you go home
with one fun mullet one fish yep go home
awesome
live mullet use three a tow hooks like
three
yeah two or three but say you got your
first one on the end
yep and then one up there
and one up there are you kidding yeah
there you go the one closest to the
swivel you go that through the lip yeah
top lip and then you'll pin that one in
the in the side of the fish in the side
of the belly and that's the tail yeah
dee recommend circles or an hour like
octopus Hawks mate yeah so they're just
they're just docked of course a toe up
to put hooks yeah and I liked ever a
couple of inches of gap in between each
okay that's that's a huge gap how bigger
the mullet are they're pretty big some
of them yeah they are using up to 30 35
centimeters Wow yeah so and what I found
later normally 50 or 60 mate at 50 or 60
yeah and about a 20 kilo swivel yep
really and normally a 30 pound mainline
with a 810 ball grants income
give it all
I'll be apart
oh my god
I work buddy
kg my boarding kg and ice fish Oh
you